#summary Ryan encountered these glitches when playing the game.


=Grievances:=

1. At one point, after running into an enemy, smiley kept blinking nonstop as if taking damage.

2. The springs continually animated without smiley touching them.
3. Switches wouldn't work when licked.  They didn't animate either, but still made the noise.
4. Turrets wouldn't shoot anything.
(2-4 all happened in the same couple minutes of gameplay, 1-4 occured not while playing file 4 on a new game but while testing the swamp.  The rest of these happened while playing from the beginning in file 4)

5. Springs would randomly launch smiley 1 or 2 extra spaces.  I think this occurred when the FPS was around 300 when it's usually 200 some, not sure if that's correlated.  BUT when it happened smiley would be practically running without using the boots.  Also it only happened on horizontal jumps.  The shadow would look right but smiley would jump ahead of it.

6. Smiley's tongue would randomly stop working.  It wouldn't show any graphic, damage any enemies, or hit any switches.  This happened QUITE FREQUENTLY.  Sometimes it seems this occured when changing areas or going through warps.  Sometimes talking to Bill Clinton would reactivate the tongue, but this slowly became less effective as I played.

7. Calypso/Garmbourn weren't working.  I would walk in and the enemy blocks would just block me in.

8. Pillars keep getting fucked for some reason and are in the wrong position frequently (SEE FOREST) and it's not a flaw in the level files.  Some examples:
Switch ID#3 in the crazy switch puzzle up north.  The two green switches in the bottom left corner should be both up or both down but in game were alternate
Switch ID#9 below the ice puzzle.  These ones get fucked too.
These were like this after playing through everything up to that point, but not after starting a new game and going straight to the puzzle.

9. The puzzle in the north part of the desert with tons of arrows has a bug with the blue cylinder.  The ice should make you bounce off of the blue cylinder when coming from the left, but instead smiley turns 90 degrees left and goes up whether or not the cylinder is up OR down.

10. You can get fucked in the smiley2 puzzle in the desert (use frisbee after crossing the 1st blue switch)

11. SUGGESTION: After beating bosses there's a very good chance of the player missing the text afterwards since they'll be pounding keys up to that point.  I think we should either add a PAUSE before the text is displayed OR make the played use some other button to read shit.