#summary List of where all the gems are.

= LOOT =

||Area||R||Y||B||
||Fountain||9 (Wrong in game)||1||1||
||Dunes of Salabia||7||3||1||
||Forest of Fundoria||17 (Wrong in game)||6 (Wrong in game)||3||
||Sessaria Snowplains||7||2||1||
||Realm of Despair||9 (Wrong in game)||3||1||
||Serpentine Path||1||1||1||
||Tut's Tomb||8||2||1||
||Castle of Evil||3||3||4||
||Conservatory||4||1||1||
||Smolder Hollow||1||1||2||
||Totals x value||66||69||80||

So total $ in the game comes out to 215 even (it was formerly 210 but I guess I added too many treasures).

= PROPOSED METHOD OF PRICING UPGRADES =
The cost of "Upgrade level 1" applies to the price of all 3 upgrades for the first time, etc.
||Upgrade levels||Cost||Cumulative cost for all of the said upgrades||
||1-3||3||27||
||4-6||4||27+36=63||
||7-9||5||63+45=108||
||10-12||6||108+54=162||
||13-14||8||162+48=210||

So you can upgrade everything FOURTEEN times.  So I guess you finish the game with NINETEEN hearts?

But now we have 5 extra gold!  I suggest either allowing one more ultimate upgrade for 5 bucks OR perhaps enable the FOOTBALL which will replace the frisbee.  Or more simply just make the frisbee red and call it a super frisbee or frisbomb or something.  It will function exactly the same except it will explode and damage enemies like the dickens (but not activate switches with the explosion.)  Then we could allow them to unlock the football/super frisbee for all future games or something since it would be leet to play through with some overpowered weapon.  Or we have it enable the PLAY AS HANK mode or something, but then the ending won't really make sense.