#summary This page is dedicated to resolving the SAVE GLITCH

= Introduction =

We are FUCKED with the save glitch. It recently happened to me without changing the level file in the editor.

= What it is =

If you do a certain order of things, the file can become CORRUPT. Your damage multiplier is set to 0, the items you are currently selecting get FUCKED, your time played is set to 0, and certain graphics (such as Bartli's candy) can become fucked (in that case, look like Jethro facing up).

Update: the damage being set to 0 is because of the difficulty modifier. So somehow with the save the difficulty modifier is being set to 0.

= How it happened =

Every time the SAVE GLITCH happens, I'll put the CHRONOLOGY and SYMPTOMS here. Hopefully that'll help us resolve it.

Instance 1:
 * Load File 4 from "File 4 candy 02 06 08" (see downloads section of this site)
 * Play through the candy level to the point where the 3 white cylinders are down.
 * Save in the save point at 121,148 (at entrance to Candy Mountain)
 * Run to town to heal
 * Come back to snow level, save at 91,41 (in Bartli's cave)
 * Go to Bartli -- notice that her candy looks like Jethro facing up
 * When I saw that, I copied and pasted my save file
 * Fight Bartli, and I think (but I'm not sure) that I was damaging her
 * Die to Bartli (rather fast, she needs balanced)
 * Click continue, damage is 0.00, items selected from left to right look like orb, freeze, orb; but when opening inventory, only orbs have a check mark; clicking on that orb gets rid of of the one in the right. Note also I don't have freeze yet at this point. Fighting Bartli here has her throw candy, not Jethro.
 * Exiting the program at this point and continuing has the same symptoms as above.

Instance 2: (good news -- this happened when trying to reproduce the above)
 * Load File 4 from "File 4 candy 02 06 08" (see downloads section of this site)
 * Run up and change that yellow switch at 105,120
 * Save at 121,148 (entrance to Candy Mountain)
 * Go to town and heal
 * Come back and save at 91,41 (Bartli's cave)
 * Go to Bartli -- her candy is a thin, vertical black line
 * Quit the program, come back in, and load, and her candy is normal again