=== Shit List ===
 * Patric
 * Kevin

=== Programming To Do ===
 * When enemy graphics overlap draw them so that the lower enemy on the screen is on top
 * Slider UI class
 * Checkbox UI class
 * Controls menu
 * Finish Phyrebozz 2
 * Lovecraftian Boss
 * King Tut
 * Calypso 2
 * Parallax pits - Use ID layer to change HUE to match the level
 * Make yellow and green switches more saturated
 * Better Ranged enemy AI to make it less gay
 * Tentacles are too easy right now.  Change their movement pattern?
 * Have Fenwar make more appearances than just in Smolder Hollow and the end
 * Fix the spikey moving walls
 * Make the fountain heal you
 * Make not just switches but moving cylinders/mirrors/arrows make a noise.  That way if a far off switch is activating them they don't move silently.  We still need to have the sounds be dependent on how far Smiley is from them though since otherwise levels would just be constant switch-activation noises due to the turrets.
 * Finish Smilelet framework.

=== Bugs To Consider ===
 * Timed cylinder bug:  In Tut's Tomb I have cylinders that are up and go down for 1 second when you shoot the switch.  But if you shoot the switch with two orbs slightly far apart and stand on the now down cylinder just after the 1st orb hits, the cylinders stay down even after you step off of them.
 * If you lick just before going on a spring it looks like the dickens.
 * Bouncing spikey enemies that I put to appear in line with each other in game sometimes are not in line when testing, making it a lot harder to get by them than planned.
 * You can still walk diagonally between two arrow blocks.
 * Fix random graphical errors:  bottom of fountain drawn on top of life bar, sometimes the changing area black circle isn't colored black outside of the circle, sometimes it draws the headboss life meter on top of yours after you drown... etc.
 * When using fire on the shore of deep water, if you immediately (through the inventory) put on Jesus' Sandals and walk on the water the flame breath will continue to be used long enough to hit ice blocks that should be out of reach.
 * When shrunk, you can drown if you walk down into water.

=== Graphics To Do ===
 * Mirror switch graphic 	 
 * Arrow switch graphic (bunny) 	 
 * Shrink tunnel switch graphic
 * Shrink tunnel graphic

===Done===
||Item||Date||Done By||
||Smilelet graphics||8/1/08||ETI||
||Worm framework||7/31/08||ETI||
||Use new Game Menu layout/graphics||7/30/08||RGW||
||Integrate TextBox with Window framework||7/29/08||RGW||
||Single game menu system||7/29/08||RGW||
||Tongue/Fire kills Owlets||7/29/08||RGW||
||Bill Clinton text changes after you get the cane||7/29/08||RGW||
||Fix Silly Pads||7/29/08||RGW||
||Fix Shrink Tunnels||7/29/08||RGW||
||Super springs||7/29/08||RGW||
||Make it so that you don't start with the cane||7/29/08||RGW||
||Save what walls have been bombed||7/28/08||RGW||
||Leet Title Screen||7/28/08||RMM||
||Fires to put out||7/27/08||RGW||
||Special Tile Manager||7/27/08||RGW||
||Tapestry framework||7/27/08||RGW||
||Shade NPC's|| 7/25/08||ETI||
||Save exploration data as bits||7/25/08||ETI||
||Re-granularize exploration data||7/25/08||ETI||
||Make arrows on id 990 draw red, not green||7/25/08||ETI||
||Change Manager||7/25/08||RGW/ETI||